### University of Alberta: Two Postdoctoral Fellow Openings (Computational Psychiatry)

The Department of Psychiatry at the University of Alberta in Edmonton is recruiting two postdoctoral fellows in computational psychiatry. The successful applicants will participate in research that applies machine learning to multimodal datasets for mental disorders. Current and potential projects include diagnosis and treatment outcome predictions with machine learning including deep learning, identification of clinical, cognitive and biological markers, brain structural and functional mechanisms of mental disorders and brain and cognitive aging in populations with mental disorders. Applicants must possess a doctoral degree (MD and/or PhD in biomedical engineering, computer science, mathematics, neuroscience, physics, psychology and statistics) and relevant research experience in this area. Strong coding skills in Python, Matlab, R or C and/or experience in neuroimaging, clinical, genetic or health record data processing is required. A strong track record of refereed journal publications is desired. Applicants should have experience working in a team setting and exhibit excellent communication skills (oral and written). 
The successful applicants will have the opportunity of supervised access to several public and government/institution/company owned datasets, including health records, clinical trials, brain imaging, and genetic datasets of up to millions of cases from Alberta and the rest of Canada, USA, China and India. In this context, there are excellent opportunities for shared mentorship and collaboration with several PIs in psychiatry and computer science, including the Alberta machine intelligence institute (Amii). The successful applicant will play a co-leadership role for several research projects in computational psychiatry, co-develop and participate in preparation of research grant proposals, assist in the supervision and training of other personnel including technologists, graduate students, other lab members and scientific collaborators. The ideal applicant will exhibit a high level of motivation to pursue data-driven research in mental disorders, to publish in excellent peer-reviewed journals, and to seek prestigious fellowships and research awards, as appropriate.
The stipend for this position will be commensurate with the experience of the successful candidate. The two positions are available immediately and funding is sufficient to support the initial position for at least two years. 
Fluency in English is a requirement for this position and for applicants who did not complete training in an accredited English language institution, IELTS scores will normally be required as evidence of proficiency. 
The Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry at the University of Alberta is one of Canada’s premiere health-sciences institutes, and in recent years has ranked among the top 50 medical schools in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. The University of Alberta has more than 39,000 students and ranks best places to work in academia (www.ualberta.ca/about/facts/fast). Excellent opportunities exist for collaborative research with other disciplines within the Faculty and University and other Faculties, as well as outside the University.

The University of Alberta is located in Edmonton, a vibrant metropolitan area of 1.8M and the provincial capital for Alberta. This friendly city offers a rich cultural life and diverse recreational opportunities. The campus on which the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry is located is adjacent to the North Saskatchewan River with one of the largest municipal park systems in North America. Edmonton is approximately 3.5 hours by car from Jasper and from Banff in the Canadian Rockies.

Candidates should submit a cover letter, a statement of career goals, research interests and vision for research track if applicable, including a description of research interests; a complete CV (Canadian Common CV is acceptable) including a summary of graduate thesis research and post-doctoral research (if applicable), transcripts, and the names and contact information (address, phone number and email address of three referees to:

Dr. Bo Cao, Dept. of Psychiatry
University of Alberta Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2E1
Email: bcao2@ualberta.ca

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply: only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply.
